---
layout: post
title: "Drifting"
date: 2018-06-13
---

I wonder why I felt so aimless last semester. I wonder what I should do differently next year. I bounce from thinking about the past, to the future, past, future...Now, I'm forcing myself to shove those thoughts back and instead confront the fact that I’ve been using school and work as a distraction (sort of a security blanket for my most pressing concerns?). 

I haven't been up to too much lately (spending a lot of time reading and hanging out with my family). Despite my lack of immediate action, this time and distance has helped me locate my greatest sources of joy. I realize that the people/experiences I gravitate towards most all share a common denominator: thoughtfulness, eloquence...an ability to carefully preserve the most poignant and weighty of ideas with a delicate sheath of words. Deep within my core, I wish to be able to write (clearly and expressively!).

The moment this realization hits, my immediate instinct is to pull back. In my mind, I picture squinted eyes and curled lips forming a derisive sneer. Me! Writer? Definitely not. I can barely communicate in person, where I fumble over words and jumble my thoughts. In writing, my lack of coherence and structure is even more apparent. Acknowledgement of my secret desire goes hand-in-hand with expectation that I strive to make it a reality, and it is so hard for me to believe that I could ever produce a piece that meets any sort of standard.

Yet when I peeling away the initial fear, I notice that NONE OF MY EXCUSES ARE RATIONAL. I'm not inherently worse than my peers, I just lack practice and immediate validation. I need to stop running away and take action. 

I can’t say I’ve figured out where I’m going with this exactly, but I do know it’s a start. For now, that’s enough. 

