---
layout: post
title: "Drifter"
date: 2018-06-13
---

For the first time in forever, I'm headed towards no direction in particular. I've spent my days drifting from whim to whim, doing whatever my heart fancies most in that moment.  It feels…unsettling. My brain, bent towards productivity, has been clamoring for more intentional action. Now, I'm forcing myself to shove those thoughts back and instead confront the fact that I’ve been using school and work as a distraction (sort of a security blanket for my most pressing concerns?). 

I wonder why I felt so aimless last semester. I wonder what I should do differently next year. I bounce from thinking about the past, to the future, past, future...

Yet in my seemingly empty wandering, suddenly part of me stumbles upon insight. I realize that the pieces that inspire me and the people I gravitate towards all share a common denominator—an eloquence, a thoughtfulness, an ability to carefully preserve the most poignant and weighty moments with a delicate sheath of words. At my core, I have been striving to be the same. In all my confusion, writing has been a steadfast solace. 

The moment this realization hits, my immediate instinct is to pull back. Eyes wide, I glance around to see if anyone has noticed. In my mind, I picture squinted eyes and curled lips forming a derisive sneer. Me! Writer? Definitely not. I can barely communicate in person, where I fumble over words and jumble my thoughts. In writing, I lack coherence and structure. Acknowledgement of my secret desire goes hand-in-hand with expectation that I strive to make it a reality, and it is so hard for me to believe that I could ever produce a piece that meets any sort of standard.

Yet when I take a step back from those first thoughts, peeling away the initial fear, I notice that NONE OF IT IS RATIONAL. Writing needs to be honed, just like any other craft. I’ve spent my entire life poring over equations and theories. I lack practice. I need to stop running away and take action. 

I can’t say I’ve figured out where I’m going with this exactly, but I do know it’s a start. For now, that’s enough. 

